Changes for the D&D Cyberpunk Calculator:

Remove: Strength Training.

Fix: Melee Training should increase crit rate by 5%, not 10% for melee attacks.
Choi Li Fut: Unarmed melee attacks deal Pure Damage. (Should prefix attack damage with "Pure")
Karate: If attacked first, deal 20% extra unarmed damage. (Only do this if "Is Returned Attack" is checked)
Tae Kwon Do: If attacking first, deal 50% more unarmed damage on the first strike.
Text boxes such as "Weapon Type" and "Hands" can't be typed in.
Character Tags are on page 2. Add "Civil Stats" 
Make Weapon Damage box is wider, allowing for a stat of at least 1,000,000 to fit comfortably.
Informational boxes and Calculation Boxes cannot be edited by the user.

Add: "Fencing" -- Bladed weapons gain a 15% bonus to crit damage.
"Is Returned Attack" checkmark
"Is Attacking First" checkmark
"Lock" button, which makes it so that all player statistics can no longer be modified.
"Thai Kick Boxing" under "Character Tags" (Increases the unarmed damage output by 50%, but no longer has the cybermod's effect.)
"Hands" Cybermod: "Pretty Tattoo" (Increase Cool Statistic by 3.)
Additional "Hands" dropdown, though this one is grayed out, unless "Pretty Tattoo" is in slot one.

Buff/Debuff Section:
Minus or + dropdown. Then, immediately after, a number input with % at the end. Then, Statistics

Character Tags:
Wrestling: Allows the player to Grapple. Has a 3/4 chance to succeed. If it succeeds it will say "Player is stunned. Opponent is stunned." If it fails, it will say "Player is stunned."

Calculations should include Damage Range (Lowest damage possible to highest damage possible)


Future plans to keep in mind:
Page One: Character Stats, Civil Stats, Cybermods. Will eventually have an "Increase Level" mechanic and stuff.
Page Two: Origins, Traits and Tags (There will be a lot)
Page Three: Eurodollars, Inventory, Equipped, etc.

Fourth page will be specific types of calculations, such as
Modifiers and Status Effects
Combat: "Kick" "Grapple" (Unarmed/Ranged/Bladed/Blunt) Attack, 
General: D2-D100 (Player input)
And more coming soon...